Component Metadata Tracking Docs (#1319)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/component-gallery/orchestrators/orchestrators.md

python file_that_runs_a_zenml_pipeline.py
```

### Inspecting Runs in the Orchestrator UI

> If your orchestrator comes with a separate user interface (currently: Kubeflow, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your orchestrator comes with a separate user interface (for example: Kubeflow, 
```

Removed the currently as then this is something we have to maintain + remember to update.
